.\" Manpage for philosophe.
.\" Contact poulet_a@epitech.eu and jacob_f@epitech.eu .in to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 " 2015" "1.0" "philosophe man page"
.SH NAME
philosophe \- Watch what the philosophes are paid for.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB./philo\fR [\fI-philo N\fR] [\fI-default_food N\fR] [\fI-max_hungry N\fR] [\fI-default_hungry N\fR] [\fI-time_think N\fR] [\fI-time_eat N\fR] [\fI-time_rest N\fR]

\fB./philo_sdl\fR [\fI-philo N\fR] [\fI-default_food N\fR] [\fI-max_hungry N\fR] [\fI-default_hungry N\fR] [\fI-time_think N\fR] [\fI-time_eat N\fR] [\fI-time_rest N\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBphilosophe\fR is a programm that emulate the solution about famine, discovered by philosophes Kant, Pascal, Marx, Voltaire, Ford, Nietzsche, Platon.

\fBphilo\fR is the first application compiled with the rule \fall\fR (or the command \fmake\fR). It is fully compatible with TTY.

\fBphilo_sdl\fR is the second application compiled with the rule \fsdl\fR (or the command \fmake sdl\fR). It requiere the \fSDL\fR library and a \fXorg\fR server running.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-philo\fR \fBN\fR
Defines the number of philosophes around the table with the argument. The table can accept a maximum of 496 threads.
.TP
\fB\-default_food\fR \fBN\fR
Defines the number of food in the bols in front of each philosophe.
.TP
\fB\-default_hungry\fR \fBN\fR
Defines the default indice of hungry than philosophe have when they arrived.
.TP
\fB\-max_hungry\fR \fBN\fR
Defines the maximal indice of hungry than philosophe can have before to die.
.TP
\fB\-time_think\fR \fBN\fR
Defines the time of thinking for each philosophe.
.TP
\fB\-time_eat\fR \fBN\fR
Defines the time of eating for each philosophe.
.TP
\fB\-time_rest\fR \fBN\fR
Defines the time of resting for each philosophe.
.TP
If an argument is invalid or the number is invalid, philo will run with default value.
.TP
Philo will not start if the number of philosophe is more than 496. The developer poulet_a will do the fowl for that and jacob_f will like it.
.TP
.SH SEE ALSO
No related manpage.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
No known bugs.
.br
Report ./philosophe bugs to arthur.poulet@epitech.eu or to felix.jacob@epitech.eu
.SH AUTHOR
poulet_a, jacob_f
